Docs: add Zensical documentation to doctools (#12606)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/intro/zensical.rst

Deploying Zensical on Read the Docs
===================================

.. meta::

>    :description lang=en: Hosting Zensical sites on Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description lang=en: Learn how to host Zensical sites on Read the Docs.
```
